Jack/add doc gen docs (#43)
anz-bank/sysl-website: docs/gen-docs.md

---

[Reference](https://github.com/anz-bank/sysl-catalog)

## Summary

> Sysl lets you generate documentation from your specifications so that they are always up-to-date. This is done using the `sysl-catalog` tool. Checkout a live demo [here](https://lucid-franklin-43e899.netlify.app/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sysl lets you generate documentation from your specifications so that they are always up-to-date. This is done using the `sysl-catalog` tool. [Check out a live demo](https://lucid-franklin-43e899.netlify.app/).
```
